hey guys Nova here and this is my very
simple easy to build counter for the 1.5
redstone update in Minecraft now I'll
just show you how it works and so we
just click this button up top here and
you can see the redstone lamp light to
moves along one and it just keeps moving
a long one for each click we do until we
get to the end where if we click it one
more time comes all the way back to the
beginning in a very nice fashion so
let's just look at the right stone for
this shall we let's mosey on back and
you can see that from the input the
button here redstone line leads over
these court blocks you can just use any
blog though and beneath those blocks are
these droppers and each drop our leads
into the next row which leads them to
the next one's the next one until we
reach the end of the line of droppers
where the end dropper will lead into a
line of hoppers which goes down to the
last hopper which leads into the first
dropper now the last part of this is we
have these comp raters needing from the
each dropper into a block and then on
top of that block is a redstone lamp so
if you do that one for each dropper it
should work perfectly so that's the
tutorial and hope you guys could follow
that the last thing i want to show you
though is that if we were to just move
that over and then we can just hop into
this dropper which is now free we can
plot 1 in there and we have now two
lights lit up and they will move on
together so it allows multiple inputs
this thing does and even when we get to
the end they just go back to each other
and it works very well so i like to
thank you guys for watching I hope you
have a nice day and I hope ceasing so
bye bye